this as a traitor to understand need to drink
this we use plastic sheep ask
the water level in the pumpkin thing is about 5
centimeters that the water was cold to me
let's save the snow
It turns out x0 and just packing Stepan
and insert the box they light there about
24 hours a day after they
stood for the sake they acquire
necessary elasticity and commodity
for example on this type of type on the same go
to make a bouquet here
in the manufacture of bouquets here alone
a little trick to insert your flashlight
a package of flowers is quite difficult therefore
at first we wrap them slightly not
tightly wrap a newspaper rolled into
several times like this and
After that, Stalin created a package for
legs do not cling and quite calmly
inserted wearing newspapers
tails
stick out of the newspaper so you need her
grab hand and after that you can
gently pull out the light of the garik remains
just grab the ready-made bunch
or scotch or knit a label on
something like this then all those extra
cellophane trim if the package is long
but
can they be on the same can be scissors
after that puts in the box rub